--- 
layout: post 
title: The Maple Leafs Forever. Unfortunately.
date: 2014-02-05
author: Bryn Hughes 
---
One great thing about living in Miami is the presence of the Florida
Panthers. Don't get me wrong--it's patently absurd that there is a
professional hockey team in South Florida. But as a transplanted,
die-hard hockey fan, I have grown to appreciate that the Panthers'
desperate attempts to draw fans to their games means that I get to see
my beloved Maple Leafs for a fraction of the cost of a ticket at the ACC
in Toronto.

Yesterday, my friend Nick and I sat in the second row, just inside the
blue line, to see the Leafs take on the Panthers. We were surrounded by
Leafs fans who had flown to South Florida to see the Leafs, because it
was cheaper to fly to Fort Lauderdale (the Panthers play in nearby
Sunrise), pay for a hotel and a lower-bowl ticket, than it was to see
the Leafs at home. Plus they got to enjoy 80 degrees in the sunshine in
February. 

Unfortunately, the Leafs were significantly outplayed by the lowly
Panthers. If you know anything about the Leafs, you'd know that they're
one of professional sports' most frustrating franchises. They're
surrounded by endless media hype, and have been disappointing their fans
year after year since their last Stanley Cup win in 1967. The Maple
Leafs are the Chicago Cubs of the NHL. The Leafs are Fredo Corleone:
weak and stupid. The Leafs are the drunk and embarrassing uncle at
Thanksgiving dinner; a travesty, but you have to love them anyway,
because they're family. 

The Leafs came to Florida riding a six-game winning streak. The Panthers
are a consistently and comically awful team. My friend Nick suggested a
friendly wager:  if the Leafs won, he would pay for the tickets. If the
Panthers won, I would pay for the tickets. Perhaps I was just awestruck
by our incredible view, but I accepted. In glorious fashion, the Leafs
proceeded to play their worst game of the season. Of course.

While there was a lot of empirical evidence that suggested the Leafs
were due for a bad game, when we returned to the parking lot, I figured
out the exact reason that the Leafs lost. In my excitement to get into
the arena, I stupidly parked in spot \#67, which, of course, is the
number that fans of opposing teams derisively yell at us to remind us of
the last year that we won a championship. Oh, and on top of that, the
battery in the car was dead and we had to wait 90 minutes for roadside
assistance to unlock the Zipcar and charge the battery.

Thanks, Leafs. See you in April.